feat(flags): Document self-serve feature flags integrations (#12203)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/python/integrations/feature-flags/index.mdx

---
title: Test nested
description: "Learn about using Sentry with FastAPI."
---

> root

Reviewer: do you still intend to use this folder?

> title: Test nested
> description: "Learn about using Feature Flags with Sentry."
> ---
> 
> Sentry offers a variety of SDK implementations.  See the sidebar for more options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Feature Flags
description: "Learn about using Feature Flags with Sentry."
---

Sentry has integrations for a variety of feature flagging providers. See the sidebar for supported options.
```
